README.md, before:

# A Node.js wrapper of [AWS DynamoDB Local](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Tools.html)

This is a thin wrapper of the [AWS DynamoDB Local](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Tools.html).
You can start the DynamoDB Local within a Node.js program and easily
specify where the database files should be.

Release notes can be found at http://aws.amazon.com/releasenotes/SDK/JavaScript

## Installing

```sh
npm install local-dynamo
```

## Usage

From command line:

```bash
$ node bin/launch_local_dynamo.js --database_dir=/database/dir --port=4567
```

or inside a Node.js application:

```javascript
localDynamo = require('local-dynamo')
localDynamo.launch('/database/dir', 4567)
```

## AWS DynamoDB Local Versions

Here is a list of the versions DynamoDB Local that `local-dynamo` uses.

 * `0.0.1` -- `dynamodb_local_2013-09-12`
 * `0.0.2` -- `dynamodb_local_2014-01-08`
 * `0.0.3` -- `dynamodb_local_2014-04-24`
 * `0.0.4` -- `dynamodb_local_2014-10-07`
 * `0.0.5` -- `dynamodb_local_2015-01-27`

Commit message:

Add in-memory mode in the cmd wrapper

README.md, after:

# A Node.js wrapper of [AWS DynamoDB Local](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Tools.html)

This is a thin wrapper of the [AWS DynamoDB Local](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Tools.html).
You can start the DynamoDB Local within a Node.js program and easily
specify where the database files should be.

Release notes can be found at http://aws.amazon.com/releasenotes/SDK/JavaScript

## Installing

```sh
npm install local-dynamo
```

## Usage

From command line:

```bash
$ node bin/launch_local_dynamo.js --database_dir=/database/dir --port=4567
```

or inside a Node.js application:

```javascript
localDynamo = require('local-dynamo')
localDynamo.launch('/database/dir', 4567)
```

If you want to run DynamoDB Local in memory, pass in `null`:

```javascript
localDynamo = require('local-dynamo')
localDynamo.launch(null, 4567)
```

## AWS DynamoDB Local Versions

Here is a list of the versions DynamoDB Local that `local-dynamo` uses.

 * `0.0.1` -- `dynamodb_local_2013-09-12`
 * `0.0.2` -- `dynamodb_local_2014-01-08`
 * `0.0.3` -- `dynamodb_local_2014-04-24`
 * `0.0.4` -- `dynamodb_local_2014-10-07`
 * `0.0.5` -- `dynamodb_local_2015-01-27`
